README.md, before:

# theWolf
A game made for Ludum Dare 39 - a point and click horror game where you have been kidnapped by a wolf and you need to escape before he comes and gets you! This goes with the theme "running out of power".

Resources:  

How to make scrolling credits text - https://www.reddit.com/r/gamemaker/comments/zh320/request_how_to_make_scrolling_text/
How to make text boxes appear - https://youtu.be/HdJ0ZUIs-AI

Sound Effects & Music  

Door Creak - https://freesound.org/people/JarredGibb/sounds/219499/
Paper Ripping - https://freesound.org/people/ryanharding95/sounds/272453/
Cloth Ripping - https://freesound.org/people/FrogPrince79/sounds/172625/
Locked Door - https://freesound.org/people/Benagain/sounds/321087/
Crash - https://freesound.org/people/zaneclampett/sounds/263620/
Jumpscare1 - https://freesound.org/people/DarkMime/sounds/381780/
Jumpscare 2 - https://freesound.org/people/DarkMime/sounds/380785/
Water trickle - https://freesound.org/people/sangtao/sounds/189672/
Click - https://freesound.org/people/OtisJames/sounds/215772/

Under the Attribution License(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/):  

Glass Shattering - https://freesound.org/people/unfa/sounds/221528/
Serene boy posing with plaid shirt - http://www.freepik.com/free-photo/serene-boy-posing-with-plaid-shirt_980648.htm
Wolf growl - https://freesound.org/people/newagesoup/sounds/338674/
Heavy breathing - https://freesound.org/people/TomchikRec/sounds/372241/
Success Sound - https://freesound.org/people/grunz/sounds/109663/

Under the Attribution NonCommerical License(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/)
Dishes clattering - https://freesound.org/people/Eelke/sounds/192099/

Nearly all sounds were edited using Audacity

Commit message:

added credit fixed box and screwdriver added timer sound

README.md, after:

# theWolf
A game made for Ludum Dare 39 - a point and click horror game where you have been kidnapped by a wolf and you need to escape before he comes and gets you! This goes with the theme "running out of power".

Resources:  

How to make scrolling credits text - https://www.reddit.com/r/gamemaker/comments/zh320/request_how_to_make_scrolling_text/
How to make text boxes appear - https://youtu.be/HdJ0ZUIs-AI

Images
Most images were made by us by taking photos of various things/textures in our condo, but some we used from other sources.
The screwdriver and brick are both from Freepik.com.
Screwdriver - http://www.freepik.com/free-photo/construction-worker-builder-with-tools_1178736.htm
Brick - http://www.freepik.com/free-vector/brick-texture-background_854395.htm#term=brick texture background&page=1&position=2


Sound Effects & Music  

Door Creak - https://freesound.org/people/JarredGibb/sounds/219499/
Paper Ripping - https://freesound.org/people/ryanharding95/sounds/272453/
Cloth Ripping - https://freesound.org/people/FrogPrince79/sounds/172625/
Locked Door - https://freesound.org/people/Benagain/sounds/321087/
Crash - https://freesound.org/people/zaneclampett/sounds/263620/
Jumpscare1 - https://freesound.org/people/DarkMime/sounds/381780/
Jumpscare 2 - https://freesound.org/people/DarkMime/sounds/380785/
Water trickle - https://freesound.org/people/sangtao/sounds/189672/
Click - https://freesound.org/people/OtisJames/sounds/215772/
Scary Violin Running Out - https://freesound.org/people/filmFX/sounds/132134/
Background Ambience - https://freesound.org/people/Trebblofang/sounds/177830/
Walking Up Stairs - https://freesound.org/people/deleted_user_7146007/sounds/383889/
Button Press - https://freesound.org/people/frosthardr/sounds/346635/
Drawer - https://freesound.org/people/dmitrydiez/sounds/237698/
Breaking Bars - https://freesound.org/people/peridactyloptrix/sounds/221928/
Squeaky Valve - https://freesound.org/people/FreqMan/sounds/31379/


Under the Attribution License(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/):  

Glass Shattering - https://freesound.org/people/unfa/sounds/221528/
Serene boy posing with plaid shirt - http://www.freepik.com/free-photo/serene-boy-posing-with-plaid-shirt_980648.htm
Wolf growl - https://freesound.org/people/newagesoup/sounds/338674/
Heavy breathing - https://freesound.org/people/TomchikRec/sounds/372241/
Success Sound - https://freesound.org/people/grunz/sounds/109663/

Under the Attribution NonCommerical License(https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/)
Dishes clattering - https://freesound.org/people/Eelke/sounds/192099/

Nearly all sounds were edited using Audacity
